Automated Reasoning	I would recommend it, as long as you're prepared to sit down and spend some time making sure you know how to use Isabelle.  IT'S A PAINFUL COURSE, DON'T DO IT UNLESS YOU REALLY LIKE ASSISTED THEOREM PROVING AND LOGIC  This course will be painful, if you are not interested in Logic, Math and programming. Honestly, don't take it, unless you are interested in those three. However, if you are, this is possibly the best course for you.  Work constantly on the material as its being taught and make sure you understand and try to solve all the tutorial questions. That way you will not find any problem dealing with the course. Otherwise you might struggle with it, especially with the coursework.  Worth the challenge. An opportunity to see how logic can be formalised and used in an interactive programming context, and to see the potential applications for this.  It really stimulated my interest in logic and I was really disinterested before. Such a great course.  The content was very well taught and the tutorials were perfect to reinforce it. The coursework was challenging and satisfactory to work on.  The mental gymnastics required. Can't think of anything!  Maybe some more basic Isar and Isabelle introductory examples to get faster the grip with the tools.  The learning curve for Isabelle is quite steep, but I suppose there isn't really any getting around this, other than to make sure that Isabelle proof tactics and syntax (for example) aren't rushed through, and that students are supported well especially when Isabelle is introduced.  I found the software (Isabelle) extremely difficult to use and the available documentation almost impenetrable - to me it seemed written by experts for experts, even those that were apparently aimed at beginners. Imogen was very helpful in labs.  Tutorials were challenging, but in a good way.
Computer Design	Practice or preview Verilog on your own before taking this course if you have chance. Ability to get feedback on the practicals in the lab.  Content was interesting and the coursework was a great way to enhance the overall understanding of the study material. The exercise sheets and provided answers were also very helpful, since they gave an idea of potential exam questions. The lecturer is very good at explaining the content and was really helpful during labs - sometimes stayed well beyond the lab finish time to help us with the coursework. Overall, a really good course and one of the best lecturers I have had at uni so far.  Excellent lecturer, very clear and explained things extremely well, both in lectures and tutorials. Interesting and engaging course. More lab sessions with instructors present. I would suggest to have more lab assistants during the lab session. For now, only one TA (sometimes with our lecturer) will be around, which seemed not sufficient for a class with lots of questions to ask. Both the lecturer and the tutor are helpful during the whole course. They provided us lots of valuable advice and suggestions on our project and coursework. 
